Add clarification for readme regarding Espruino (#329)
carlosperate/awesome-microbit: README.md

- [MakeCode](https://makecode.microbit.org) - This block and text editor for the micro:bit provides an in-browser emulator, a Blocks interface, and JavaScript (TypeScript) editor.
	- [MakeCode Beta](https://makecode.microbit.org/beta) - Beta version of the MakeCode editor to test the latest features.
	- [MakeCode Windows 10 App](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9pjc7sv48lcx) - Windows 10 application for micro:bit MakeCode.

> - [Espruino JavaScript](https://www.espruino.com/MicroBit) - JavaScript interpreter for microcontrollers. It also offers a WebIDE for written code and blocks. Check your micro:bit if it has a combined sensor or two individual sensors - the former doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Espruino JavaScript](https://www.espruino.com/MicroBit) - JavaScript interpreter for microcontrollers. It also offers a WebIDE for written code and blocks. It's currently not compatible with v1.5 of the micro:bit (due to the different motion sensors).
```
